This file tracks the various items to do in the pinball project in rough priority

** Raspberry Pi Specific Work
Hook up sound control I2C to volume sliders in settings
Get I2C bus input / output extenders included in I/O

** Generic arch improvements
Make texture load dynamic - will check and load if not currently resident, revamp screen inits to simplify
    Load textures at first time, and check before rendering if loaded.  If not, reload.
Refactor Menus - make them more standardized and use one menu rendering function
Refactor asset setup - just load them once, and keep them. 
Make output system automatic - main loop can set on / off durations, LED patterns, etc.. and out loop will manage
Make input / output processing full threaded.
Create sound output queue system (both Windows and Rasp Pi?  Rasp Pi 1st priority)
Add some more interesting animation options (Any movement that makes animations better?)
Expand sprites to have animated sprites - eg: UV maps within a sprite with different images - base is there but need example to integrate.
    -  Is there some standard sprite format / program that can be used?

** Gameplay tasks
Create simple score / gameplay screen
Generate characters, dungeon screens
Super complicated state machine for normal gameplay (eg: the game)

** Hardware enabling
Design prototype HW, use test mode to enable
    * Flippers, Sligshots, Pop Bumpers, Lane / Ball Detectors, Multiball lock gate

** Lower Priority
Duplicate all the Windows simulation capability in PiOS

Fix sprite animation acceleration parameter
Debug why u1 and u2 and x1 and x2 seem to be swapped when going from screen to 3D space.  Maybe rendering backface polys
Update all render screens to be independent from screen size, use more #defines to adjust screens more quickly when needed
Install git LFS as that large bitmaps, etc.. are expected at some point

Basic Pinball Features
Left Ramp: Tomb - gold and 30s ball save / ressurection
Rigtht Ramp: Ruins - +1 sword power (up to 20) - gold
Left back path: Trail to town - either to town or to Inn (diverter?)
Top Lanes: I-N-N, opens the Inn to hire compaions (lock ball) - limited time opening.  Town theme in upper right corner
If you have enough gold, can hire party member: Wizard, Rogue, Ranger, if not, ball is kicked out
Dark Forest Pop Bumpers - build up gold
Right 3 targets: K-E-Y - open door to dungeon - a chance to enter
Enter dungeon - ball held.  Screen for dungeon.  Random path to Dragon Boss, 4 different rooms
    Use flippers / activate to pick path
    Standard: Goblins, # determined by difficulty.  Roll 1d20 > than number to defeat, others fail.  Sword power used automatically (add to roll)
    Wizard Room: Fireball melts ice
    Ranger Room: Arrows release ropes / bridge
    Rogue Room: Traps are disarmed
    Dragon Room:  Fight dragon.  Each dragon defeat at +1 x multiplier at end of game for score
                  Any party members come out as multiball.
                  Ramp / path opens to dragon - hit the target to defeat
