Develop a plan to revamp the InTower Mode state machine.  The basic animations and flow currently exist in the mode as it's currently defined and should be used as the basis for the new flow, but we will revamp the state machine and inputs in the various states to align with the flow planned for the real game.

At a high level, the flow is mimicking climbing the tower to the top, selecting a door looking for the staircase on a given floor, fighting the monsters after the door is open, and if all monsters are defeated without losing, being able to select the next door.  If the monsters that are defeated were guarding the staircase, then climb moves to a floor challenge, which requires a particular party character (knight, priest or ranger/archer) to attempt.  If the challenge is passed, the player moves to the next floor and chooses doors again.   This repeats until the final door at the top of the tower with the dragon is discovered, at which point the game will switch to a new mode (Dragon Battle Multiball).  If the player loses a battle or floor challenge, then they have failed the tower and they will return to the main gameplay mode.  It should flow smoothly, trying to move the game along quickly without too many button presses.

Here are the expected states, although the list may not be complete and does not completely define the sub-states.  Following the current model of InTower mode, define a plan that follows this new state flow, also adding any relevant states / substates for animations, etc.. that I may have forgotten in this definition.

Pre-Mode
Selected tower is based on the current tower level and floor in the player data.  When entering the tower, make a player variable that will track player hitpoints (reset and start with 20).   When the tower is generated (each tower level is generated only once - players will enter the same tower for a given level until they complete it) also randomly add data to decide which floor challenge requires which party character.  With level 1 tower, randomly pick 2 of the 3 party members, both at level 1.  With level 2 tower (4 floors), the 3 floor challenge will require a level 2 character.  The level 3 tower (5 floors) should require level 2 level 1 party members in the 1st two floors, and then level 2 party members and level 3 member in floors 3 and 4, respectively.  In both cases each party character should be used at least once, and only then pick the remaining floors.

During each state, update the status text to appropriately guide the player on what's expected.

Here are the high level game states and inputs / transitions
State:  TowerInit - set all the pre-mode values, intial states as needed, etc... If this is not the first time the player has entered this level of tower, just use the current state of the tower, do not re-initialize.
Inputs: None
Transition: Go to TowerClimb

State: TowerClimb - render the full size dungeon, with the robed avatar in front of the far right door.
Inputs: Use left and right flipper to move character between doors on the same floor, depending on number of doors on the floor.  Either activation button will cause the door the avatar is in front of to open, and animate the avatar as appropriate for the type of door (as currently done in InTower.)  The avatar cannot select a door that is already open, that room in completed.
Transition Notes:  When a closed door is opened, transition after the avatar animation is completed to RoomFight.

State: RoomFight - Similar to the current flow InTower.  Shrink the dungeon / tower off the right, and render the 20d dice and animated enemies found in the room.  Render text to show current hitpoints above the shrunken tower/dungeon..  Like in current InTower, activate buttons roll and stop the dice, enemies are eliminated w/ animations.  If enemies remain, use any points from the user's sword/attack value to subtract additional enemies (and showing the animate / slash out), subtracting the number of enemies eliminated from attack value (and using the sword flame animation similar to the main state) when changing the value.  Then resolve damage - they get one damage point per remaining enemy.  But if the player has any shield / defense points, use that to mitigate damage and subtract (down to zero) the points from the shield value.  Any remaining damage points should be subtracted from the players hitpoints.  Animate the shield (like in the main game play mode) when subtracting points.  The sword / shield animation may happen automatically anyway when reducing the value, check the existing flow and make sure it does that so no new animation is needed.  Have some delay, animation (shaking text or color change) when changing hit point, sword and shield values so the user can comprehend the flow that is happening.
Inputs:  Activation button to roll and stop rolling.
Transition Notes:At this point, if the player hitpoints are reduced to zero go to ExitTower state, mark the door that was just opened as closed. If the player defeats all enemies, and the door is not a stair door, go back to TowerClimb state, with the robed avatar again rendered normal size, in front of the recently opened door.  If it is a stair door, go to FloorChallenge state.  If on the last floor, and the opened door is the dragon door, then play the dragonmultiball.mp4 video, and change to a totally new mode, DragonMultiball (which should just be a new placeholder mode, like the main play mode or InTower mode).

State: Floor Challenge - Play a quick video (similar to extraball in the main mode), which is depending on the party member required by the challenge (knight.mp4, etc..).  Show the full sized tower / dungeon similar to TowerClimb mode.  After the completion render the robed avatar in front for the appropriate towerdoor sprite, which should be closed.  After a short time, shrink the tower dungeon back to the right, and show the rolling screen again.  Rolling should be done similar to the RoomFight animation and inputs.  In large text, where the enemies are usually rendered during RoomFight, make sure to say what level the challenge is (Knight Level 1, Knight Level 2) and what they need to roll to pass (If challenge level > party member level, must roll a 20) (If challenge level = party member level, must roll 10 or higher) (If challenge level < party member level, subtract 4 (from 10) for each level party member is above the challenge level.).
Inputs Activation button to roll and stop rolling
Transition Notes:  If the player does not have the party member required for the challenge set a boolean in the player data to say the failure was due to lack of a party member, go to ExitTower.  If the player can roll and fails the challenge roll, go to ExitTowerState.  If they pass the roll, give the player a "Success!" text, and then after a quick wait, transition to TowerClimb, with the previous towerdoor open and the player on the next floor of doors, starting with the far right door.

State: ExitTower - Give the player a large "Defeated!" and "Try Again" underneath or "Missing Champion" if the failure has the boolean set for challenge falure due to not having the relevant party member (then reset the boolean).  With he robed avatar rendered at 200% normal size underneath the text, animating as normal.  Save the current state of the avatar (which door or challenge they are currently rendered in front of) in the player data.  This will be used to start the player again the place they left off next time they enter the tower.
Inputs: N/A
Transition Notes: Go back to normal / main gameplay state.